docs: add jetbrains hotfix (#9930)
denoland/deno: docs/getting_started/setup_your_environment.md

Support for JetBrains IDEs is available through
[the Deno plugin](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/14382-deno).

> Once installed, replace the content of 
> `External Libraries > Deno Library > lib > lib.deno.d.ts` with the output of 
> `deno types`. that will fix outdates typings, making it usable for current 
> versions. You will have to do this every time you change deno version.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once installed, replace the content of 
`External Libraries > Deno Library > lib > lib.deno.d.ts` with the output of 
`deno types`. This will ensure the typings for the extension match the current
version.  You will have to do this every time you update the version of Deno.
```
